Update draft-wqk-opsawg-control-schedule-framework.md (#14)
QiufangMa/control-schedule-framework: draft-wqk-opsawg-control-schedule-framework.md

up to guarantee the maximum throughput all the time, a lot of power will be
wasted. The energy-saving methods may include the deactivation of some or all
components of network nodes. These activities have the potential to alter
network topology and impact data routing in a variety of ways.  Interfaces on
network nodes can be selectively disabled or enabled based on traffic patterns,
thereby reducing the energy consumption of nodes during periods of low network
traffic.

> The network management devices need to control the state of interfaces of each node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controlling of the interface states of each node
```

> by the ietf-tvr-node model defined in {{?I-D.ietf-tvr-schedule-yang}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be achieved by using the ietf-tvr-node YANG module defined in {{?I-D.ietf-tvr-schedule-yang}}.
```

> The following indicates the example of a scheduling node interface that enabled at 7:00 AM and disabled at 1:00 AM, every day, from December 1, 2025 in UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following indicates the example of a scheduling node interface that is powered on from 12 AM, December 1, 2025 to 7 AM, December 1, 2026 in UTC, and its interface named interface1 is scheduled to enable at 7:00 AM, every day, from December 1, 2025 to December 1, 2026 in UTC.
```

Author: Suggest to delete the "interface" in the first line

The JSON encoding is used only for illustration purposes.

~~~~
{
    "ietf-tvr-node:node-schedule": [
        {
            "node-id": 12345678,
            "node-power-schedule": {

>               "power-default": true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              "power-default": false
```

              "schedules": [
                {
                  "schedule-id": 111111,
                  "period-start": "2025-12-01T00:00:00Z",
                  "period-end": "2026-12-01T07:00:00Z"
                }
              ]
            }
            "interface-schedule": [
              {
                "name": "interace1",
                "default-available": false,
                "default-bandwidth": 1000000000,
                "attribute-schedule": {
                  "schedules":[

>                     {

Reviewer: suggest to remove the first schedule instance, which is contradictory with the second one.

                      "schedule-id": 222222,
                      "recurrence-first": {
                        "utc-start-time": "2025-12-01T07:00:00Z"
                      },
                      "utc-until": "2026-12-01T07:00:00Z",
                      "frequency": "ietf-schedule:daily",
                      "interval": 1,
                      "available":false,
                    },
                    {
                      "schedule-id": 333333,
                      "recurrence-first": {
                        "utc-start-time": "2025-12-01T01:00:00Z"
                      },
                      "utc-until": "2026-12-01T07:00:00Z",
                      "frequency": "ietf-schedule:daily",
                      "interval": 1,

>                       "available":true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"attr-value": {
     "available":true,
}
```
needs the "attr-value" container per the ietf-tvr-node definition.
